Update console name from Posemesh to Auki (#28)
aukilabs/domains: docs/deployment.md

# Deployment

## Create Server

> 1. Log into the Auki Console at https://console.auki.network/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to the Auki Console at https://console.auki.network/
```

Reviewer: Also need to change in the Docker Compose steps:
```
3. Modify `docker-compose.yml` to set `DS_REGISTRATION_CREDENTIALS` to the credentials you copied from the Posemesh Console.
```
